Sonity Educational Version End User License Agreement

Legal information relating to Sonity Educational Version. 
Please note that this information may be updated without further notice. 
Last edited 2024-11-28.
This End User License Agreement (EULA) is a legal agreement between you Sonigon AB (us or we) 
and governs your use of the Sonity Educational Version (the Software).

1. Grant of License
This EULA grants you the right to use Sonity Educational Version (the Software) 
for educational purposes only, subject to the following:
i. The Software is used for non-commercial educational use only, not used for any other purpose.
ii. For any other use except educational use of the Software e.g. commercial, personal, evaluation etc. 
you are obliged to buy the full version of Sonity which has its own EULA.
iii. The Software is not distributed as part of a game engine, tool set or asset package.
iv.	The Software is not redistributed in any form except by written permission by Sonigon. 
If such a permission is given, it may only be redistributed by the teachers of the school 
to the students of the school for the purpose of educational use.
v.	The Software is not to be decompiled, changed or tampered with in any way.

4. Intellectual Property Rights
We are and remain at all times the owner of the Software (including all intellectual property rights in or to the Software). 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this EULA may be deemed to grant or assign to you any proprietary or ownership interest 
or intellectual property rights in or to the Software other than the rights licensed according to Clause 1.
You acknowledge and agree that you have no right, title or interest in and to the intellectual property rights in the Software.

5. Security and Risk
You are responsible for protecting the Software and any related materials at all times from unauthorised access, use or damage.

6. Warranty and limitation of liability
The Software is provided by us “as is” and, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any express or implied warranties of any kind, 
including (but not limited to) all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.
In no event shall we (and our employees, contractors and subcontractors), developers and contributors be liable for any direct, 
special, indirect or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from loss of data or profits, whether in an action of contract, 
negligence or other tortious conduct, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the Software.
